Add "cluster restart" and "optimistically confirmed block" to terminology. (#31694)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/terminology.md

A set of [validators](#validator) maintaining a single [ledger](#ledger).

## cluster restart

> When there is an outage such that the whole [cluster](#cluster) stalls, human

Reviewer: i'm not sure this helps much given as we similarly define neither "outage" nor "stall"

A set of [validators](#validator) maintaining a single [ledger](#ledger).

## cluster restart

> When there is an outage such that the whole [cluster](#cluster) stalls, human may need to restart most of the [validators](#validator) with a sane state so that the cluster can continue to function. This is different from sporadic single validator restart which does not impact the cluster. See [cluster restart](https://docs.solana.com/running-validator/restart-cluster) for details.

Reviewer 2: I took a slightly different stab at this:
```suggestion
When a [cluster](#cluster) stops finalizing blocks for a prolonged period of time, as determined by social consensus amongst the validator operators, a pre-defined set of operations is performed by at least 80% of the stake weight to resume block production from the highest optimistically confirmed slot. Any processed but non-confirmed blocks may be discarded during the restart procedure. This is different from sporadic single validator restart which does not impact the cluster. See [cluster restart](https://docs.solana.com/running-validator/restart-cluster) for details.
```

The number of [validators](#validator) participating in a [cluster](#cluster).

## optimistically confirmed block
A [block](#block) which got the [votes](#vote) from [validators](#validator)

> holding more than 2/3 of total [stake](#stake) in a [cluster](#cluster).

Reviewer: i think we need to mention that the votes considered for optimistic confirmation may not have been committed to a block yet.

Author: Added. But I suddenly find there is a definition of "confirmed block" above, should I just mark that "we sometimes call it optimistically confirmed"?

Reviewer: maybe just change the `confirmed block` definition to be something like this, given that it is the less precise term?
```
see: [optimistically confirmed block](#optimistically-confirmed-block)
```
